feat: implement testing framework (#33)
strimzi/strimzi-ui: e2e/features/README.md

# Cypress features

> This directory is home to all `.feature` file. Each file should focus on a specific area of testing, but not as specific as particular components. All step definitions for these features go in the `step_definitions` directory. Where possible, step definitions should be as generic and re-usable as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory is home to all Cypress `.feature` files. Each feature should focus on a suite of scenarios for testing - but not for testing specific components. All step definitions for these features go in the `step_definitions` directory. Where possible, step definitions should be as generic and re-usable as possible.
```
